Clarify how `wrangler --env` affects loading `.env` and `.dev.vars` (#19340)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/workers/secrets-in-dev.mdx

API_TOKEN="eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9"
```

> You can set secrets per environment by creating additional files with the naming convention `.dev.vars.<environment-name>`. When you set the environment using `wrangler <command> --env <environment-name>`, these files take precedence over `.dev.vars`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set secrets per environment by creating additional files with the naming convention `.dev.vars.<environment-name>`. When you set the environment using `wrangler <command> --env <environment-name>`, such an environment specific file will be loaded instead of the `.dev.vars` file - they are not merged.
```

> You can set secrets per environment by creating additional files with the naming convention `.dev.vars.<environment-name>`. When you set the environment using `wrangler <command> --env <environment-name>`, such an environment specific file will be loaded instead of the `.dev.vars` file - they are not merged.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set different secrets for each environment, create files named `.dev.vars.<environment-name>`. When you use `wrangler <command> --env <environment-name>`, the corresponding environment-specific file will be loaded instead of the `.dev.vars` file, so the two files are not merged.
```
